The Joe Rogan experience.
Anyone defending institutional wall street right now got an envelope with photos
of themselves at Jeffrey Epstein's birthday. So what's with Jamie's, uh,
just pulled up with that. And when Tim was talking about,
is this insane situation that's happening?
It started out with game stop on with, with these,
these intelligent Vipers from Reddit decided they were going to figure out,
well, what, what they, here's the thing, wall street speculation.
And these people that have been these hedge fund guys,
they've been manipulating the stock market in a very similar way forever. Yeah.
But these guys on Reddit decided to get together collectively.
And what is it called? The, the S the subreddit called wall street bets.
So wall street bets decided that these hedge funds were
shorting game stop. Right?
So they decided we're going to buy games that were going to their whole system
up just to boost game stuff. Well,
just to see if they could and just the it's fun, it's fun.
So a bunch of people bought game stop stock game stopped
stock rose higher than it's ever risen in the entire history of the company.
I think it was up 11000%. Is that the case?
The actual percentage. Yeah. I don't.
Know. I might've made that number up. Sounded good though. Didn't it? I mean.
And it never been higher than 50, 60 bucks,
and it shot up to three to $400 at some point yesterday,
a little bit, but just.
It's crazy. That's a crazy jump for no reason.
And it was all because of these guys.
So this is where it gets complicated because now regulars do me a favor
and go to soccer, uh, his, uh, Instagram page,
because he gave me permission to play this today because he,
he talks about how this is really exposing
the actual corruption in the stock market and real market manipulation,
because they're trying to do something about the fact that these wall street
guys are getting over and like hedge funds have lost billions of dollars
because it's so, but the thing is that now that these guys it was play,
it let's play it real.
Quick. This was the one you sent me yesterday, right?
No. Um, yes, the one from today.
Um, let me, um, I'll send it to you late and reform.
Uh.
Perhaps let's see.
Well, I have a confession to me.
This is the first story that's excited me in a long time,
covering the pandemic and Trump and stop the steel and Capitol riots and
the Biden presidency.
It's been a real bummer and I have not felt a pep in my step like this in many
months.
And it is now thanks to a bunch of Redditors going after the people I despise
the most in our society speculators on wall street. By now,
I'm sure that you're all familiar with the story.
Hedge funds and billionaires took out a massive short position on the company
called game stock.
A band of Redditers on a subreddit called wall street bets called their bluff,
drove the stock up to the tune of thousands of percentile.
More to force those hedge funds to liquidate billions of dollars in losses
while the Merry band of Redditors gets rich.
It's the ultimate David and Goliath story,
underemployed and unemployed sitting at home in their pajamas using the power of
the internet and new trading platforms like Robinhood to destroy the Kings of
American finance.
We are never going to go back to the old ways of doing business and wall street
knows this. So what's their solution. It's one that we,
my friends must resist absolutely at all costs.
Now they know that they do not have a monopoly on manipulating the market.
They are going to do everything in their power to go after you and people like
me who are not on the side of the billionaire elite, as I laid out yesterday,
they are already going into overdrive on CNBC who started off yesterday by
inviting the literal CEO of the NASDAQ on to call for more
regulation. Let's take a listen to that. Again.
The things that we're talking about is maybe misinformation and a pump and dumps
and it's occurring on social media. Again, it just,
I'm wondering whether that's part of the same problem,
the type of regulation that, that, uh, that we finally need to, uh, to consider.
And like I said, we should always have a light touch with regulation, but
you're, you're seeing the way things can get started again.
And this is different and maybe it's Reddit. Maybe it's not Facebook,
but you're seeing the, the, the, the same situation. Th this point,
it's not about an election. It's not about a.
Pause for a second pause for a second. He's also calling for regulation. Yes.
They never call for regulation. He's super like him.
The last thing that guy wants in terms of like being able to manipulate the
market and make as much money as possible regulation.
So him calling for regulation is kind of hilarious and him saying that they're
manipulating it with social media, like this is literally what they do. Yep.
It's what they do. Yep. Keep going.
There are interesting things happening that that seemed to be spawned to some
extent, or at least at least blown out of proportion by social media again,
Medina.
Well, I,
I do think though that as we look at these new technologies that are there
available to everyone and including investors,
I think it's also important for regulators to understand that, you know,
manipulation is manipulation,
whether it's happening through a new technology medium or it's happening through
traditional mail.
I think it's just a matter of making sure that we understand what the behavior
is.
What's underpinning the behavior and working appropriately with the regulators
to, to, uh, to manage the situation.
It looks like a female version of the blind scientist from contact with Jodie
foster, Tommy, me, she doesn't pull up an image of that guy.
He's a famous on this clip have issues. He has Richard Ramirez teeth.
It's a nightmare contact contact with Jodie foster.
Go to images back the guy in the far, right? Yeah.
Oh, a little bit. Come on, give me a picture. Yeah. I'll give you that.
Come on right there. You gotta go back to her. No, they looked pretty similar.
Yeah. I get called
almost identical. So Chris, the cheek bones in the mouth,
they share that it's not him or her.
I don't mean to dead name or mis-gender okay. Keep playing it.
Appropriately with the regulators to, to, uh, to manage the situation.
Yeah. You heard that correctly.
The guy from CNBC who hates regulation is now calling for more regulation.
And the CEO of the head of one of the largest trading exchanges in the world is
agreeing with him. Notice when hedge funds manipulate markets,
when they screw over regular people in different companies.
When wall street requires billions of dollars in bailouts and floats from the
federal reserve, there isn't any call for more regulation,
but a couple of average Joes on the internet make money at the expense of a
billionaire hedge fund. Well, that just can't stand.
And I'm not exaggerating here just showing you one clip the idea across the
American elite right now,
is that what has happened with GameStop is unacceptable. Don't believe me,
check this out as GameStop and other stocks, soared Arthur Levitt, Jr.
He decided to weigh in. And if you don't know who that is,
it's the former sec chairman who literally presided over the.com
bubble and was appointed by bill Clinton,
who perhaps more than any president is responsible for much of the
financialization of our economy. Beginning in his administration,
Levitt wrote an op-ed in Bloomberg calling for a full agency investigation into
online stock trading platforms and said that social media is taking
advantage of users, behavioral psychology,
and pushing them into dangerous territory. Okay.
Maybe I don't even really disagree with that,
but doesn't it just tell you everything that this is what they want to
investigate now that this is what they want the government to do something
about. Now don't underestimate how mainstream this view is yesterday,
the white house press secretary said Janet Yellen is monitoring the situation.
Elizabeth Warren tweeted out that we needed more regulation.
The state securities regulator for the state of Massachusetts said gain stock
trading should be halted for 30 days. And the sec now says,
they're working with regulators to assess the situation,
review the activities and other participants, like I said, Hey,
maybe that's justified,
but you people are silent on the crimes of the actually influential people
who rig our economy on a daily basis.
You want a near perfect corollary billionaire investor, bill Ackman.
He went on CNBC in March,
2020 to give an emotional interview to say, hell is coming.
And that hotel stocks would go to zero.
His interview sparked a panic sell on wall street.
It is seen in retrospect as one of the precipitating events of that drop.
Guess what? At the exact same time,
right after that interview Ackman was buying billions of dollars in the
stock as it hit rock bottom. In fact.
A.
Billion dollars in bets against the market as it was.
Okay. Let's pause. And there's going to billionaire man,
catch new episodes of the Joe Rogan experience for free. Only on Spotify.
Watch back catalog J R E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data costs. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the Gerry on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan.